# Base Implementation

> ⚠️ The following functional requirements are applied to **USER** role users.

## Authentication

### Sign up

1. User must be able to sign up using email and password;
2. User must be able to sign up using user identity provider (at least ONE, for example, Google);
3. User must be able to add image to the profile, required username, required date of birth, required display name (Name Surname or other);
4. Password field must be secure.

### Sign In

1. User must be able to sign in into account using email or password;
2. User must be able to sign in into account using user identity provider.

### Sign out

1. User must be able to sign out of account within profile page.

## Posts

### Posts management

1. User must be able to create their posts:
    1. Add 1-10 images or videos;
    2. Add content (text caption).
2. User must be able to edit their posts:
    1. Remove or add images or videos;
    2. Edit content (text caption).
3. User must be able to delete their posts;
4. User must be able to archive their posts:
    1. Archived posts must be not accessible by other users;
    2. Archived posts must be not accessible on a feed page.
5. User must be able to observe list of their posts;

### Feed management

1. User must be able to observe list of posts within feed page:
    1. List of posts is formed based on users follows;
    2. Posts are ordered depending on their update date (update date === creation date right after creation).
2. User must be able to like, comment post. Liked posts must be marked with ‘like’ highlighted icon;
3. User must be able to come to profile of user posted post by clicking on profile avatar near post.
4. Users must be able to observe their commented posts and their liked post on separate lists on separate pages

## Following / Followers

### Followers management

1. User must be able to remove other user from followers;
2. User must be able to enable private profile. That’s how it works for private profiles:
    1. User must be able to accept follow request. Another profile follow is ACCEPTED = TRUE;
    2. User must be able to ignore follow request. Another profile follow is ACCEPTED = FALSE;
    3. User must be able to reject follow request (profile follow is removed);
    4. User must be able to observer list of follow requests for their profile.
3. User must be able to observe list of their followers;

### Following other users

1. User must be able to follow other users;
2. User must be able to observe list of their follows;
3. User must be able to send requests to other user’s private profiles;
4. User must be able to observe list of their sent follow requests to other user’s private profiles.

## Comments

### Comments management

1. User must be able to comment posts (others and their personal);
2. User must be able to comment other comments;
3. User must be able to delete their comments;
4. User must be able to add mentions in comments (@username, highlighted with other user’s profile link);
5. User must be able to observe list of commented posts.

## Profile

### Profile management

1. User must be able to observe their profile information;
2. User must be able to edit their profile information:
    1. Bio is editable;
    2. Image of profile is editable;
    3. Display name is editable;
    4. Is public value is editable (changing this value makes users posts visible only for their followers);
    5. Username is not editable;
    6. Birthday is editable.
3. User must be able to delete their profile (soft delete with the option to recover within one month, after which recovery is not possible).

## Chat

### Chat management

1. User must be able to observe list of chats;
2. User must be able to initiate chat with one or several users:
    1. Private chat is named over user conversation partner name.

### Group chat management

1. User with ADMIN chat role must be able to add other users to GROUP chat with already more than 2 participants;
2. User with ADMIN chat role must be able to remove other GROUP chat participants from GROUP chat;
3. User with MEMBER chat role must be able to leave GROUP chat;
4. ADMIN chat user, leaving GROUP chat, must transfer ADMIN role to another chat participant by selecting another chat participant;
5. ADMIN chat user must be able to add/edit required title and not required description of chat/

### Messages management

1. User must be able to create and send messages:
    1. User must be able to attach assets (images and videos) to THEIR messages (max. value - 10 assets). Assets must be ordered;
    2. Users must be able to add text content to THEIR messages.
2. User must be able to edit THEIR message (text and assets). Edited message must be marked as edited on UI side.
3. User must be able to reply to other message within same chat;
4. User must be able to delete THEIR message:
    1. Soft delete is applied to message;
    2. Message replies must have empty replied message content;
    3. Deleted messages are marked as deleted, shown within chat and have empty content.
5. User must be able to observe their and other participants messages in a chat right after being sent, deleted or edited.
